bridges/logutil: fix recursive log conversion crash by adding cycle detection (#9398)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix recursive log value conversion crash on cyclic data by adding path-local cycle detection in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogr`, `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otellogrus`, `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelslog`, and `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/bridges/otelzap`.(#9398)

Reviewer: The four bridge names are correct, but this should describe the observable behavior rather than “path-local cycle detection.” Detected references become the ordinary string `"<cycle>"`, which is indistinguishable downstream from a user-provided string with the same value. There is also a missing space before `(#9398)`.

After the struct-boundary crash is fixed, suggested wording:

```suggestion
- Prevent stack-overflow crashes while recursively converting cyclic map, slice, and pointer log values in `otellogr`, `otellogrus`, `otelslog`, and `otelzap`; detected recursive references are emitted as the string `"<cycle>"`. (#9398)
```
